 My studies at Leuphana College
If you have any questions about the administrative procedures during your Bachelor studies, the Administration and Examination advisors of the Student Services will be happy to help you. Among other things, they will take care of re-registration, leave of absence, change of study programme, double and part-time studies as well as questions about assessments.
Information and Forms
    Re-registration

    Transferring the semester contributions

    Changing your major subject

    Changing your minor subject

    Major and Minor Combinations

    Certificate: Intercultural Communication and Languages

    Leave of absence

    Changing your personal details

    Replacing the student ID card

    De-Registration

    Download

Information and Forms
Re-registration

If you are already studying at Leuphana University of Lüneburg and wish to continue your studies here, you must re-register. You must be enrolled in order to earn credits and take examinations.

Re-registration is only possible within the specified re-registration period. For the

    summer semester in January/February and for the winter semester in
    winter semester in June/July.

The exact dates can be found on the information field of your student ID card. In addition, all enrolled students will receive an invitation to re-register by e-mail (only your Leuphana e-mail will be used here).

If you do not re-register on time by transferring the semester fee, you will receive a reminder to pay (current fee €15.00). If you do not re-register within the specified period, you will be de-registered.

Please be sure to state your matriculation number followed by your surname and first name when making the transfer. Please make sure that it is the matriculation number (7 digits), not an applicant number or an lg number. This makes it easier for us to allocate your application. You will only receive your student ID once the full fee has been received.

Please do not pay the fee due until you have been requested to do so by Student Services. This will be sent to your stud-leuphana e-mail address.

At the end of your studies

1. You complete your studies and re-registration is no longer necessary: Inform us by applying for de-registration, preferably during the re-registration period.
2. You only have to complete one examination (submission of the Bachelor's or Master's thesis or the examination interview is an examination) in the new semester and thus complete your studies: re-register and submit the application for de-registration within one month of the start of lectures at the latest, returning your student ID card. You will then receive a refund of the fees you have paid.

Further information can be found on the homepages of the schools.
Transferring the semester contributions

For the  winter semester 2025/2026, the following contributions are payable at Leuphana University of Lüneburg for:

    Studentenwerk contribution: 138,00 €
    Contribution towards administrative expenses 75.00 €
    Student body contribution: 239,94 € (of which € 208,80 for the semester ticket, € 21,00 contribution for student self-administration, € 10,14 for StadtRad etc.)
    TOTAL: 452,94 €

These fees are payable upon registration or re-registration for the following semester. The amounts should be transferred to


SEPA:
BIC: NOLADE 2 HXXX
IBAN: DE 26 2505 0000 0199 916 917
Purpose: matriculation number, surname, first name
Changing your major subject

If you want to change your major, you must apply online for a new major.

If you have already passed examinations that you would like credited for continuing your studies at College, you can apply for a higher semester.
Forms

    Application for placement in a higer semester
    Application for recognition of examination results
    Contact persons for recognition questions

Changing your minor subject

If you wish to change your minor, you can seamlessly make the change through the interface of myCampus.
Major and Minor Combinations

    List of Major and Minor Combinations (in German)

Certificate: Intercultural Communication and Languages

The Certificate in Intercultural Communication and Languages (ZiKS) is a voluntary offer for all students. It enables you to communicate and work together successfully, professionally and effectively in an intercultural context.

Information about the certificate (only in German)

Application form for certificate
Leave of absence

    Application for leave of absence

Changing your personal details

    Communication about address change
    Communication about name change

Replacing the student ID card

    Application for reissue of student ID / semester ticket

De-Registration

If you wish to leave the university and have not yet completed your studies, please apply for de-registration immediately. Otherwise you will be de-registered by Student Services at the end of the current semester due to lack of re-registration. Upon de-registration, students lose their membership of the university and thus all rights and obligations.

Please send us the completed application for de-registration.

If you have successfully completed your degree programme, you will be automatically de-registered by Student Services at the end of the semester in which you have completed your LAST examination. In this case, it is not necessary to apply for de-registration.

If you would like to be de-registered on the date of your last examination or at any other time during the current semester, please submit an application for de-registration.

Students cannot apply for de-registration on a retroactive date!

Exmatriculation is possible if you have completed ALL the coursework and examinations required for your successful graduation (incl. thesis and defence, if applicable) and are only waiting for the examination results or the degree certificate and diploma.

Please note that the examination date (graduation date) can be used by organisations outside the university (e.g. health insurance companies) as a basis for granting benefits, despite the different enrolment period.

A full refund of the semester fees is possible if you exmatriculate in good time before the start of the semester or at the latest one month after the start of lectures. Otherwise, no refund is possible for a current semester.

According to the enrolment regulations of Leuphana University of Lüneburg, you are no longer entitled to attend courses, complete coursework and examinations after exmatriculation. Any credits earned after the date of de-registration will neither be recognised nor credited!

CURRENT NOTE

If you have any questions about exmatriculation that differ from the above-mentioned regulations, please contact the responsible administrative office or send an email to studierendenservice@leuphana.de (please ALWAYS state your matriculation number and degree programme in the email text).